for years I am at war with the
Umbrella corporation
and now
they are more powerful than ever
my name is alice
and this is my story
I worked for umbrella developing a
new virus and there was an epidemic
does not know
everyone world
the problem is that they did not stay
dead
you remember
I am the only one immune to the virus
we do not know in this case
when the virus began to spread if
the man stood behind
my home
powerful is capable
but they captured me and they experienced
with me
I became different
powerful
unstoppable
as I strengthened humanity
It weakened staff to show desire
to have elections
lawson man already of m to form a
army of clones
serious mistake live is
they believe that the virus had killed everyone
but I found survivors
we look for a shelter called arcadia
it turns out that it was a trap
projoven your external teacher say all
my colors
the fight with you
and the war
just started
all the people who knew
and everything he has done
against now trains can handle
the world
and only I usually stop them, my name is alex
and revenge has arrived